In this course we had a closer look at observables.
And with that knowledge about observables I now want to do some cleanup work in my app here.
First of all in the recipe service I want to remove my recipes select that event emitter here because
we're not using data anymore.
So we can't simply delete that here.
We changed the way we select our recipes.
Now with that changed we can also go to the recipes component and remove our subscription here because
again we're not using this anymore.
We can also get rid of the selected recipe therefore and get rid of the import of recipe model.
Also get rid of our injector service You're not get rid of the recipe service though because we're also
setting it up in the provider's array.
Any similar code.
We don't need to clean up anything else.
But there was only one thing I also want to use an observable to improve our shopping lists service
here.
We are right now using an event emitter to inform our components about changes that is OK.
But a better practice is to use a subject subject needs to be imported from our exchanges subject and
then we can remove Debe anti-Mitt or import.
And with that we only need to apply some tiny changes to our code here when we called emit.
We now need to call next.
But then we still pass to evaluate any subject still is a generic type so that should still work the
same down here of course.
So replace it with next.
Now in the places where we listened to these changes.
Well that still works because we still have to subscribe functioned air which works just like it worked
on U-bend emitter.
Now here's something important though we do subscribe to our own subject here now for dead angler won't
handle our subscription.
So here we should unsubscribe manually.
So let's do this by adding our subscription year.
Maybe a private property subscription which is of type subscription subscription has to be imported
from our Yes slash subscription here.
Let's move it to the top here.
To have it Melodia angler imports.
And with that property created I can assign these scriptures setting up an NGO and in it to it here
in and join in it as as as I just said.
So now I will also implement on Destroy here make sure to imported from an angle or a core and that
requires me to implement Engy on the stroy in here.
I now want to unsubscribe and that is important to prevent any memory leaks because since we are using
our own subject here we want to make sure that we correctly unsubscribe Whenever we don't need it anymore.
So with this saved we can actually try to us in our app by clicking around and just trying some things
here.
That all seems to work.
Shopping list seems to work.
Let's add Brad here so that still updates.
So our subject still works like event emitter but now it's a little bit of a better practice.
The remaining cleanup work I want to do for now is in the hetero component.
When we clicked the recipe book Grandier I want to remove the ref element and instead also use router
link and redirect to route page which of course then the bull redirects to slash recipes.
So with that in place now we have a working app in the state.
I want to have it right now.
With that we can continue to add a form section and learn more about forms and then add them to the
recipe book in the future to